README.md, before:

BLM_Basic_Responsive
====================

Basic starter theme for responsive WordPress sites. 

This basic starter theme is a responsive version of my original basic HTML5 starter theme. 
https://github.com/crondeau/BLM-Basic-Starter-WordPress-Theme-HTML5
The theme was created in collaboration with Robert Dall.

The basic theme was started 4 years ago with a now retired theme call by fSpring widgets by Fredrik Fahlstad.
At the time, Kubrick was very popular but I felt it just contained too much junk.
Using the fSpring widgets theme, I cleaned it up and created a basic starter theme to use for all of my custom themes.

With the release of Twenty Eleven, Twenty Ten, Sandbox, Emil's Responsive, Devin Price's Portfolio theme, 
Michael Fields Ghostbird and Elliot Jay Stocks, Starkers, I've had the chance to look at how things are now done and I've 
refined my theme and improved it immensely.

--------------------------------------------------------

THIS THEME IS TO BE USED FOR BUILDING CUSTOM THEMES ONLY.

Just like the original version, this theme is devoid of design elements and so won't look that great out of the box.
It's also missing some recommended features which would be needed if you wanted to release a theme in the WordPress repository.

For example - my theme does not have comments on pages. I've never coded a site that needs them and so just don't have them in there.
I also don't have the code required for custom background and colours. I'd rather have control of the design, thank you very much.
The theme doesn't have attachment or links templates... Again, I've never had a need for those.

If you want to create a simple custom theme, this might be the theme for you.
So check it out.
 

----------
INSTALLATION

To install upload Basic to your /wp-content/themes directory. Change theme folder name as appropriate as well as theme attribution and title in the CSS file.

----------
License

You are free to use this theme for any personal or commercial project with no attribution. 
You are free to modify the theme for clients or stock themes and distribute the derivative work. 
Do not distribute the theme as is as your own. 
Link back to original post at http://www.bluelimemedia.com/teaching/wordpress if you would like to 'distribute' the theme.

Of course a link to my site is always appreciated.

--Christine Rondeau

Commit message:

Minor updates to CSS
Implemented feedback provided by Devin Price. Updated readme file with
thanks and a few words about the navigation on smaller screens.

README.md, after:

BLM_Basic_Responsive
====================

Basic starter theme for responsive WordPress sites. 

This basic starter theme is a responsive version of my original basic HTML5 starter theme. 
https://github.com/crondeau/BLM-Basic-Starter-WordPress-Theme-HTML5
The theme was created in collaboration with Robert Dall.

The basic theme was started 4 years ago with a now retired theme call by fSpring widgets by Fredrik Fahlstad.
At the time, Kubrick was very popular but I felt it just contained too much junk.
Using the fSpring widgets theme, I cleaned it up and created a basic starter theme to use for all of my custom themes.

With the release of Twenty Eleven, Twenty Ten, Sandbox, Emil's Responsive, Devin Price's Portfolio theme, 
Michael Fields Ghostbird and Elliot Jay Stocks, Starkers, I've had the chance to look at how things are now done and I've 
refined my theme and improved it immensely.

Thanks to Devin Price, Flynn O'Connor, Richard Archambault and Puneet Sahalot who took the time to look at this theme and provided feedback.

--------------------------------------------------------

THIS THEME IS TO BE USED FOR BUILDING CUSTOM THEMES ONLY.

Just like the original version, this theme is devoid of design elements and so won't look that great out of the box.
It's also missing some recommended features which would be needed if you wanted to release a theme in the WordPress repository.

For example - my theme does not have comments on pages. I've never coded a site that needs them and so just don't have them in there.
I also don't have the code required for custom background and colours. I'd rather have control of the design, thank you very much.
The theme doesn't have attachment or links templates... Again, I've never had a need for those.

If you want to create a simple custom theme, this might be the theme for you.
So check it out.


------------------------
NAVIGATION

On smaller screen you may decide to implement a different way to display your menu. 
The header.php and functions.php currently have the code from Automattic's _s, so you can style your menu that way if you want.
You could also opt for one of the many other solutions. 


----------
INSTALLATION

To install upload Basic to your /wp-content/themes directory. Change theme folder name as appropriate as well as theme attribution and title in the CSS file.

----------
License

You are free to use this theme for any personal or commercial project with no attribution. 
You are free to modify the theme for clients or stock themes and distribute the derivative work. 
Do not distribute the theme as is as your own. 
Link back to original post at http://www.bluelimemedia.com/teaching/wordpress if you would like to 'distribute' the theme.

Of course a link to my site is always appreciated.

--Christine Rondeau
